hey everybody just a real quick look at
the San Diego comic-con Hasbro Star was
exclusive for 2012
there's just arrived today and we just
want to give you a real quick look at
we'll do some detailed pictures later in
the week there's going to show everybody
how it works we've seen it at Toy Fair
and we've seen high resolution images
but this is the first in hand we're
gonna have of it a couple of fansites
percent on the show so it opens up like
this snaps back and then at the center
you have the jar jar binks in carbonite
unpunched card leave them in the back
not for individual resale and then the
way of the rest of it works each figure
is slotted into the outside here and
then it all fits nice and neatly into
here it does take a little bit of work
don't you disassemble it to get it all
back in so we're not gonna do that all
right now for you but it does little bit
it back quite nicely
and you can see there you've got Jar Jar
Binks
you got the clone trooper lieutenant
shock trooper sand trooper Princess Leia
and vir
Leah said the package isn't anything new
but here's how come it's a real nice
collector friendly package okay from the
top down how it looks again you've seen
this before from Toy Fair but in hand
how it's gonna come out and the only
thing I did notice is that some of the
cards if you are really really
specifically at the collector there's a
slight Bend on some of them I'm assuming
it depends on who put them into their
packaging that's just a quick look our
coverage of course will begin on
Wednesday preview night and continue
through till Saturday and we'll also
take this old part get some great shots
for you and thanks like the hasbro for
supplying this let's take a look at
again much more to come later and thank
you're checking out in Yoda's news.com